classicalGuy "Florida here we come! Bringing the horse trailer."
janeIzC00l "Lots of fun here in the windy city! Found an awesome riding stable."
pet_lover101 "Horses are the best! I wish I had a barn full of them."
always_an_adventure "I can't believe you didn't say happy birthday to my mare."
thestarsareouttonight "Congratulations on your new foal!"
painted_mountain "Trouble in paradise, it is raining and the paddocks are muddy out here."
dannydandan "Look at how cute she is! #bestponyever!"
mannytheman "I have so many things to say about this ride. I do not know where to start."
billymait "At any given moment the barn has things new and old."
willfred "There is no fear of our saying that tradition and training belong to one and the same age."
bobbybobob "I did it! I won a ribbon at the horse show, second year ranking!"
gil_marti "This is music to my ears. Stop neighing to the beat of Tchaikovsky."
joeyespin "I cant wait for the rodeo. Hotdogs and nachos here I come!"
curiouscat "What came first, the horse or the saddle?"
jlubbock "What we see depends mainly on what we look for."
wisdon "To understand a new ride takes time."
thisiszen "Words are the fog one has to see through, until the arena is clear."
happyperson "There is no greater love than the love of a horse."
peaceforall "Horses make me happy."
dandi_lion "I want a pony for christmas."
martagon "Wildflowers are beautiful on the trail ride."
ocelot "My horse is so sassy, he tossed my saddle pad on the ground."
puma "I went running today for the first time in a long time and saw two beautiful horses in a pasture."
colocolo "I got my daughter a pony for christmas. We named her Star."
margay "I cant help but love these gentle giants."
serual "Their mane is so soft."
wwolfie "He is so big he could be a Clydesdale."
callitwhatitis "She went crazy and kicked the stall door all morning!"
annamarie "Clearly this horse does not like trailer rides."
iamenglish "Check out where I am going next week! Horse show weekend."
bewise "The mares and the stallions are at it again."
highwater "These riding pants seem to be too short."
the_toaster "I am sorry for burning your treats."
afridge "It is cold in here. Time for a turnout blanket."
ovenoven "It is not cold in here. The barn aisle feels warm today."
choco "Who is up for some delicious treats? Carrots and apples!"
straydog "I miss my little pony."
disbelief "I cant believe my best friend is a horse."
moneymoney "If I could buy anything in the world it would be a bigger stable and more hay."
